[new] add static-property-placement rule (#2193)
yannickcr/eslint-plugin-react: docs/rules/static-property-placement.md

# Enforces where React component static properties should be positioned. (static-property-placement)

> This rule allows you to enforce where `childContextTypes`, `contextTypes`, `defaultProps`, `displayName` 

Reviewer: Don't forget the new `contextType`.
```suggestion
This rule allows you to enforce where `childContextTypes`, `contextTypes`, `contextType`, `defaultProps`, `displayName`,
```

  name: PropTypes.string.isRequired
}

MyComponent.displayName = "Hello";

MyComponent.defaultProps = {
  name: 'Bob'
}

MyComponent.propTypes = {
  name: PropTypes.string.isRequired
}
```

### Options

```
...
"react/static-property-placement": [<enabled>]  // `static public field` enabled
...
```

or alternatively:

```
...
"react/static-property-placement": [<enabled>, <string>]
...
```

or alternatively

```
...
"react/static-property-placement": [<enabled>, <string>, {
  childContextTypes: <string>,
  contextTypes: <string>,
  defaultProps: <string>,
  displayName: <string>,
  propTypes: <string>,
}]
...
```
The `<string>` value must be one these options:
* `static public field`
* `property assignment`

The above `options` schema define above allows you to specify different rules for the different property fields available. For example:

```
...
"react/static-property-placement": ["warn", "property assignment", {
  childContextTypes: "static public field",
  contextTypes: "static public field",
  displayName: "static public field",
}]
...
```

Based on the above configuration `defaultProps` and `propTypes` will both follow the `property assignment` rule.

> The `childContextTypes`, `contextTypes` and `displayName` will  enforce the `static public field` rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`childContextTypes`, `contextTypes`, and `displayName` will  enforce the `static public field` rule.
```

## When Not To Use It

> If you have no placement preference, although you should choose one so that your code is consistent. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have no placement preference for React's static class properties.
```
